Mine is not bad either.
Teacher, what about mine?
Not bad for your first time.
Thank you, Teacher.
Teacher, look at mine.
It's average.
You did a great job on this.
Teach me later.
Right?
How did you make this?
It's okay.
Teacher, what level is this?
If this were in the past,
this would get you beheaded.
Are you complimenting me, Teacher?
It's okay.
Let me see.
Xiaocen, this is not bad.
It's a pleasant surprise.
Smooth lines and exquisite use of color.
Not bad.
Thank you, Teacher.
Professor.
Let me see.
This one of yours
doesn't pass.
May I know why?
Look for yourself.
Yuan blue-and-white porcelain.
Mr. Yue.
Can you stop talking in riddles?
Just tell me directly what I did wrong.
Xu Xiao.
Have I ever talked in riddles with you?
I told you a long time ago.
Someone's research
on blue-and-white porcelain is better
and deeper than mine.
I even took you to the antique market.
Why didn't you go see him?
Oh, you.
Come, have some tea, our hero.
Thank you.
Xu.
This weekend,
Uncle Zhang is bringing two cups for appraisal.
Could you take a look at them?
Mr. Wang.
I'd like to ask for two days off this weekend.
Xu Xiao.
Are you going back to school this weekend?
I happen to want to borrow some books from the library.
No.
I...
I made plans with Wang Lin and the guys
to play ball this weekend.
You all have plans.
Then what should I do this weekend?
Hurry up. Come here.
Hurry up.
Coming.
Wang Lin.
What?
Are you going to the library this weekend
to find some information on firing porcelain?
I'm not going.
Li Zhuoting and I are going fishing.
Fishing?
How old are they?
Acting like old men already.
Best bros for life.
Wait for me.
Zhao Xiaocen.
Wang Lin, what's up?
The material Mr. Liang asked us to find last time,
you were the only one in the class who could find it.
Where did you see it?
I found it in the rare book room
between the third and fourth floors of the library.
There are many obscure unique copies.
You can look it up there.
Then ask me to come along next time you go to the library.
Sure.
Wang Lin,
are you trying to get your claws
on Zhao Xiaocen now?
You need to watch out for him.
What?
Didn't Xiaocen help me sort out
that huge teapot restoration problem last time?
I have to show my appreciation.
It's back to life! It's back to life!
Come over here.
Okay.
Aren't you guys playing ball this weekend?
I'm not playing.
I'm going fishing with Li Zhuoting.
This way,
Zhao Xiaocen.
Keep up with me.
Let's eat together.
Sure.
I'm so hungry. Why isn't it our turn yet?
There should be three or four tables left before us.
Wu Jing,
ever since you rejected Wang Lin,
I think he's been deeply devastated.
I feel quite sorry for him now.
What else can I do?
I don't like him.
Am I supposed to take responsibility?
But back in high school,
who didn't want to fall in love in college?
You can if you want.
I'm going to wait and see.
Let me tell you.
If you keep waiting,
the four years of college will be over.
If you don't take the initiative...
Otherwise,
it'll just be us waiting in line,
without a man to do it for us.
Don't jinx it.
How do we take the initiative?
It's simple.
For the next class,
didn't Mr. Yue say we can team up freely?
Pick whoever
you like.
I'm telling you.
When two people spend enough time together,
sparks will fly eventually.
Take a good look.
Yeah.
Take Yuexin for example.
Yuexin,
how about you team up with Xu Xiao next class?
Yeah, yeah.
Xiaocen.
You probably don't know
about Lin Yuexin and Xu Xiao.
Since you aren't in our dorm,
you don't know about this.
Yuexin, don't treat Xiaocen like an outsider.
Everyone knows you like Xu Xiao.
Xiaocen, you weren't at the military training.
During the military training,
the two of them took the punishment for us.
Right, Xiaocen, you really don't know.
Our whole dorm agreed during military training
that Xu Xiao and Lin Yuexin are the perfect match.
Alright, stop talking.
Military training was a long time ago.
Xiaocen, don't let them influence you.
Xiaocen,
I've been holding this in for a long time.
Well...
Is there something going on
between you and Xu Xiao?
Yeah, is there something going on?
What do you mean by 'something'?
You mean like 'a thing'?
Yeah.
No.
Is there?
We're just...
Friends.
Okay.
Then both professionally and personally...
Shouldn't you let Lin Yuexin
team up with Xu Xiao?
Exactly. Yes.
It's settled then.
You don't like Xu Xiao, do you?
It's confirmed.
Lin Yuexin likes Xu Xiao.
You know that now.
So isn't it reasonable to let them team up?
Yes.
Okay.
It's settled then.
You two team up.
Is medium table 37 here?
Here.
Time to eat.
Let's go. I'm starving.
Me too.
Let's go.
What are you doing?
Why so sneaky?
Sis, how have you been lately?
Not bad.
Why don't you ask me back?
I'm miserable.
Have you finished your homework?
I can never finish it.
My school stopped assigning homework,
but I don't know where Aunt
got all these questions.
She makes me do test papers at home.
Sis, do something
to distract Aunt.
Then I'll say I want to go shopping
and ask Aunt to go with me.
Sis,
you really don't know how to lie.
Aunt would probably see through you at a glance.
I made an appointment with Wang Lin and the others
to play basketball outside this weekend.
I'm not playing basketball.
Li Zhuoting and I are going fishing.
Xing,
if,
I mean if,
if someone lies to you,
what's the reason?
There are many situations.
Like me,
because an annoying buddy
always asks me to hang out,
I'll lie to him
and say I have to do homework at home.
Sister,
Who lied to you?
What blind fool tricked you?
No.
I know.
It's the boy who walked you home the other day.
I know. It's him.
Don't talk nonsense.
Sister, how dare you go behind Aunt's back
and date secretly!
If Aunt finds out about this,
she'll skin you alive.
Keep talking!
Xiaoxing! Xiaoxing!
Where are you?
He's in my room.
Over here, Mom!
You hit me!
I can't believe you hit me!
Hurry out and do your homework.
Got it.
Is there something going on
between you and Xu Xiao?
I'm her classmate.
My name is Xu Xiao.
It's too late today,
so I brought her back.
How do I
really feel about Xu Xiao?
Keep up with Mr. Zhou, everyone.
Go.
Xing,
you can't run around today.
I am watching you today.
Let's go. Keep up with Mr. Zhou.
Come on, let's go.
Children, you can take a look,
which ones are porcelain.
Xing, do you think this looks good?
I won't look.
Do you remember I told you
what porcelain looks like?
Smooth.
What else does the smooth surface have?
And a lid.
Brother-in-Law!
But some don't.
Right?
Sister,
guess who I saw.
Who?
Stop following him.
Come back here.
He mysteriously entered a room.
Sister, I'll keep an eye on him for you.
I won't leave until he comes out.
Xing, don't meddle in other people's business.
Dad.
Xiao.
You.
Why are you here?
Come on in.
Come in.
Here.
Here, have some water.
Xiao.
Why did you come here
to see me today?
Mr. Yue
asked me to paint an imitation Yuan dynasty blue-and-white porcelain.
I've tried twice but still don't get it.
So I came to ask for your help.
You made this.
Not bad.
You've improved a lot.
Yue Qixin
is still as harsh as ever.
So what exactly is wrong with it?
He asked you
to replicate Yuan blue-and-white porcelain, right?
Let me ask you.
Dad taught you when you were a kid.
What is the soul of blue-and-white porcelain?
The blue.
Right.
It's exactly the color blue.
Because different cobalt pigments
have different coloring components,
they produce
different shades of blue.
Therefore,
your color is wrong.
Yuan blue-and-white porcelain mainly uses
imported sumali blue.
And the biggest characteristic of sumali blue
is its vibrant color.
Overall, it
gives off a bright
blue tone.
But look at yours.
The color
is a bit pale.
The overall tone
is rather soft.
Yours actually looks more like Ming blue-and-white.
Understand?
Ming blue-and-white?
But as for Yuan blue-and-white,
the patterns
are more intricate,
and the composition is fuller.
Understand?
I see.
What you have now
is already very well done.
Keep it up.
By the way, Xiao'er,
do you
still remember that
blue-and-white porcelain rabbit I gave you when you were little?
I remember.
You still keep it, right?
I still have it.
Back then,
you were only this tall.
I held you in my arms
and taught you.
After all these years,
you've grown up.
You've grown so tall.
You look quite haggard too.
Time is unforgiving.
Dad is getting old.
I hope
that in the future,
we will have more chances
and more time
to be able to
meet up
and get together more often.
Okay?
Okay.
Oh, right.
Let me show you something.
Wait.
Here.
Hold it carefully.
Okay.
Take a look.
Be careful.
Take it out and have a look.
How is it?
The Chenghua chicken cup I bought.
I plan to
sell it for a good price.
Fake.
Wh-
What do you mean fake?
Obviously fake.
What do you mean obviously fake?
I told you when you were a kid,
the pattern of this chicken cup
comes from the Hen and Chicks painting.
Look at the top.
What's there to see?
Isn't it obviously fake?
What are you doing?
Didn't I tell you when you were little
to hold it with both hands?
What are you doing?
What's wrong with you?
Xu Xiao, let me tell you.
This appraisal skill,
didn't I teach you when you were a kid?
What's wrong with you?
You just went to college for a few days,
and you think you're someone else?
Now you're teaching me?
Are you saying
that my judgment is worse than yours?
All these years, I've been wandering
around this street.
Do you know how long I've searched,
and how many times I've tried,
just to find a treasure like this?
I just want to use it today
to turn my life around.
I know.
So?
After I turn things around,
we can
go back to our old life.
Life was so good back then.
We can be together again.
On this street,
you're really lucky
to have met me today.
Look at this pattern and glaze.
And this style.
It's absolutely authentic.
Isn't that great?
I shouldn't have come to you.
Xiao,
Dad was just a little anxious.
You.
You,
stop talking.
Don't be angry.
Xu Jinsong.
You haven't changed at all.
What are you doing here?
Brother-in-law is inside.
Did you see him?
Xing.
Teacher.
Why didn't you say anything before going out with your sister?
I...
I told you not to leave the group without permission.
Do you know how dangerous it is?
I already told you.
You must listen to my class carefully.
You can't wander off anymore.
Why are you here?
I...
I'm looking for
Xu Xiao.
Look at this glaze,
the pattern, and the body.
Good stuff, right?
You should know
how much an antique in this condition
would fetch at an auction.
Let me see.
No passing hand to hand.
Mr. Wang,
I only trust you.
You flatter me.
My old man
always buys these things behind my back.
The thing is, he always mentions this friend
or that friend.
I'm afraid he'll get scammed.
Seriously.
But there's a problem.
I don't know how to appraise it.
Mainly, this isn't my area of expertise.
My expertise is in management.
No.
No, no, don't worry.
Our shop has an appraiser.
Look.
What a coincidence.
Xiao Xu, come here.
He is our top expert.
Xiao Xu,
take a look at this.
They say it's an authentic
imperial kiln piece from the Chenghua reign of the Ming Dynasty.
It's fake.
Fake?
Why are you so direct?
How could you...
You...
talk like that?
Young man, watch your mouth.
You just take one look and call it fake.
Mr. Wang,
who is this guy coming in and talking nonsense?
He is a Cultural Relics Conservation major.
A college student?
Which university?
JCU.
Never mind what school he goes to.
He's too young to be reliable.
How many items have you appraised?
You don't believe me.
Put this porcelain bowl next to your ear
and tap it gently.
The sound is dull.
Chenghua blue-and-white porcelain
has a crystal-clear glaze,
fine texture, and solid body.
Tapping it gently produces a crisp sound.
You heard it too.
Yours sounds relatively dull,
which means the glaze is not as fine as the authentic one.
It's a fake.
This...
Not everyone can pick up a bargain.
How is this possible?
Doesn't it sound crisp?
Look carefully.
The characters on it say,
'Made in the Chenghua reign of the Great Ming dynasty'.
The certificate even has a stamp on it.
We've been friends for decades.
Would he lie to me?
Enough. Friends again.
Everyone is your friend.
Where is his shop?
He doesn't have a shop.
He specifically collected this item
for me from the countryside.
He sold you a broken bowl for hundreds of thousands,
and he doesn't even have a storefront?
The item is right there.
Dad.
At your age,
what are you thinking?
You've been scammed your whole life,
and you still want to pick up some bargains.
You,
call him right now.
Okay, okay, okay.
Why doesn't anyone believe me?
This is so weird.
Listen, Mr. Wang.
The number you dialed is powered off.
Why did it suddenly turn off?
That can't be.
I called yesterday.
Well,
scamming acquaintances.
Dad.
Our family's little savings,
you ruined it all.
No, you...
Pick up bargains.
I'll let you pick them up all you want.
Zhang Jiatian.
It doesn't have to be like this.
Why bother?
Stop picking them up.
Stop picking them up. Get up.
Stop picking them up, they're fake. Get up.
What are you doing?
Why bother? Get up.
Don't make a fool of yourself here.
Get out of here.
Mr. Zhang.
Take the old man to the hospital.
Aren't you embarrassed? Let's go.
How could you do this?
What's going on?
You too.
I say, Xiao.
Is it really necessary?
What's wrong with you? Being so aggressive today.
I'm really sorry, Mr. Wang.
I'd like to ask for two days off.
I...
Sorry.
Xu!
Xu...
I...
Had a fight?
Son, you're back.
I'm back.
Have you eaten? I'll cook noodles for you.
Let me.
We have rice.
I'll make you some egg fried rice.
No, thanks.
I'll go to my room first.
The kid has grown up.
Give him some space.
Xiao,
to appraise cultural relics,
there are six to see, one to hear, and seven unique tricks.
Dad, what are the seven tricks?
Look at the pigment.
Look at the decoration.
Look at the glaze.
Look at the shape.
Look at the inscription.
Look at the craftsmanship.
Listen to the sound.
Dad.
Can these methods really
tell if it's real or fake?
Well, not really.
What Dad taught you
are just some basic methods.
Actually, during the process of appraising cultural relics,
there will be many factors
that can interfere with your judgment.
Besides the cultural relic itself,
the most important thing is whether your mind is pure.
Let's put it this way.
Regarding whether it's real or fake,
as long as you can be responsible for yourself, that's fine.
What does being responsible for yourself mean?
It means being honest with yourself.
Don't kid yourself.
Xu Xiao.
I'm sorry about today.
I only went to the antique market because I was chasing Xing.
I didn't mean to pry into your privacy.
I didn't look in advance.
I looked in advance this time.
Working so hard?
Okay, no problem.
I used this glue last time.
I feel like it's not very strong.
Use a different one.
Use my brand.
But it's still better to use clay, right?
Mr. Yue is here.
The teacher is here.
Quick.
He's coming.
Class,
today
we will form groups for the next round.
Only you few are left.
Have you decided?
Teacher,
I'm on Yan Xue's team.
Yan Xue and Xiaoyi,
okay. What about the others?
Teacher, we...
Okay, okay.
You two are a group, right?
I know, I know.
Xu Xiao,
who are you teaming up with?
Teacher.
I...
I want to team up with Xu Xiao.